Whatever Marvin likes in his Rails apps is here.

Works in any unix environment. If on Windows, "git checkout -b windows origin/windows" to get appropriate Gemfile. Don't have any of the necessary software? Use vagrant.

Features:
- Facebook authentication with admin support
- Easily add other types of Omniauth authentication
- Slim for templating
- Coffeescript for scripting
- Sass for style
- Postgresql for databases
- Paperclip for model attachments
- Bourbon Sass mixin library
- Better Errors
- Rspec and Cucumber for testing
- FactoryGirl and Faker to replace fixtures
- Passenger server (if on unix)
- Guard for automated rspec, cucumber, passenger, spork, bundler, and livereload

To configure:
1. rails g rename:app_to "whatever"
2. edit config/database.yml
3. add your Facebook app credentials to config/initializers/omniauth.rb
4. bundle install
5. rake db:create:all && rake db:migrate && rake db:test:prepare

To add another provider:
1. Add the provider to /config/initializers/omniauth.rb
2. Modify self.from_omniauth in /app/models/user.rb to find the appropriate fields in the returned hash
3. Add buttons for sign in, sign out, etc.
4. (Optional) Add client side code so the provider doesn't take the user away from the site.
5. (Optional) Add administrators' uids for that site.
NOTE: Users can only have their account connected to one provider at a time.

To add admin users:
1. Find the admin's uid for a given provider
2. Add his/her uid to admins hash in /app/models/user.rb under the array for his/her provider